ADA4355 HDL updates (#1761)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/projects/ada4355_fmc/index.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: ADA4355_FMC/ZedBoard block diagram

Configuration modes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The BUFMRCE_EN configuration parameter defines the type of evaluation board
used, which are differentiated by how the frame clock signals are distributed.
For the older evaluation board, the XDC constraints are not optimized for
ISERDES, as the frame clock signals are located in a different I/O bank from
the other related signals. To address this, a BUFMRCE buffer is used to
distribute the frame clock to all ISERDES instances.

> By default it is set to 0. Depending on the type of evaluation board, some
> hardware modifications need to be done on the board and/or ``make`` command:
> 
> In case of the Eval-Board with optimized xdc:
> 
> .. shell:: bash
> 
>    $make BUFMRCE_EN=0
> 
> In case of the Eval-Board with non optimized xdc:
> 
> .. shell:: bash
> 
>    $make BUFMRCE_EN=1
> 
> 

Reviewer: Could you give some details on how to differentiate these boards? Are they named with rev. A/B? If not, are there any distinctive marks on the evaluation board?

```suggestion
By default, BUFMRCE_EN is set to 0. Depending on the type of evaluation board, some
hardware changes need to be done on it and/or for the `make` command:

In case of the newer version of the board (with optimized constraints):

.. shell:: bash

   ~/hdl/projects/ada3455_fmc/zed
   $make BUFMRCE_EN=0

In case of the older version of the board (with non-optimized constraints):

.. shell:: bash

   ~/hdl/projects/ada3455_fmc/zed
   $make BUFMRCE_EN=1

```

If you want to build the sources, ADI makes them available on the
:git-hdl:`HDL repository </>`. To get the source you must
`clone <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Basics-Getting-a-Git-Repository>`__
the HDL repository, and then build the project as follows:

**Linux/Cygwin/WSL**

.. shell::

   $cd hdl/projects/ada4355_fmc/zed

>    $make BUFMRCE_EN=0

Reviewer: Revert this, and write below "Example for how to..." like it is done for other projects

Reviewer 2: Done.
